---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: My North Star
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-01-21
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---

### I must say I was quite inspired by my father. 
When I first attended college, I had no idea what I should major in and I thought I would give computer science a try. I was always fascinated with the shift towards computer technology that I've witnessed growing up. Our technology improved exponentially quick and I've always found a knack for it. Now if you are assuming I got this knack from my father... you would be fashionably wrong. My parents are so technological illiterate, it pains me to see them try to figure out any type of UI. However, my father seeing me go to college and undertake a degree program towards Computer Science, he did the unthinkable. He actually started taking classes online towards the SAME DEGREE.

##### Growing up...
I lived on a farm. I grew up poor and living in poverty, but with two loving parents I can never remember a sad moment. This farm I grew up on had no internet, we couldn't afford an iPod classic. I, and the rest of my family were so far from technologies reach. I believe this is what made me fall in love, as I grew up and gained access to technology. This is the gnawing interest that urged me to pursue a Computer Science degree. What really shocked me was that my father, who had never went to college before, was moved by me attending University so he started taking classes also. Can you believe this man, who never knew how to change the brightness on his phone, is now sending me texts asking me cyber security related questions, that quite frankly I don't even know the answer to yet!

### Motivated and Ready to Learn
My mindset is fresh, and I'm feeling more willing to learn now than ever. I am enrolled in the Computer Science program with a focus in Security Science. Cyber Security is a widely engaging topic to me. The past couple of years I have been learning multiple coding languages, which have felt like random bits and pieces of information to me. But over the years, everything is becoming clearer. For example, I learned Java before anything else, but I didn't understand what I was doing. It was only when I learned C, that I actually understood Java and why I have to look up the API every time I start to code. I am very excited to learn how to collaboratively code and work together with a group to engineer software!


