---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "ui Massive Engaging Title"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-01-21
labels:
  - UI Frameworks
  - Learning
  - Web Design
---



###### ui Large Interesting Introductory Header
## UI Frameworks are friends not foes!
Have you ever tried to construct a website in pure html and css? Well let me tell you. It's the equivalent of running up, the down-escalator. You can get there eventually, sure. But it is a long exhausting process that nobody should have to go through in this day and age. In fact, every website out there on the world wide web, should be using UI Frameworks. Quite interestingly, recently I've been assigned to a project to recreate a website but with the use of Semantic UI. I only have one thing to say. The cops will soon be knocking on the door of the last guy that made the website because they robbed the poor owners! Alright alright, we'll cut them some slack, maybe they haven't heard of Semantic UI and they were just trying to secure some quick profits. However, with the use of Semantic I was able to recreate the website then optimize it and create an even better product, the product those poor website owners deserve!

### Coders helping Coders makes the world go 'round
Upon my discovery of Semantic UI, I've had an awakening. If coders are able to create frameworks, which enable a coder to more efficiently write code, how optimized can we get? What first really grabbed my attention was the fact frameworks support "natural language". Before in CSS, if you wanted to create a large red button you would have to specify a space, the size, what color, and many more specific details. You write them down on your style sheet like you would a notebook. With Semantic you would say *drumroll please* "large red button". This effectively optimizes efficiency and accuracy. My question, is how far can we go down this rabbit hole of optimizations. Eventually won't it be possible that "coding" in UI Frameworks require no coding at all? If we were to build and lay down the framework now (further building upon today's current UI), would that mean in a decade it will be so optimized that you could "drag and dro the large red button? I can imagine creating a website as you would drag and drop your icons and widgets to customize your iPhone home screen.

### UI Frameworks to the Moon?
I believe as a coder, my job is to look towards the future. Optimistically and realistically as the evolution of humanity will reap massive benefits as we further expand upon our technology. Recently I've been asked this question. If multiplication is the successor hyper-operation to addition, and exponentiation follows that, then what follows exponents? I thought about it for a long time and couldn't think of a solution. I'm not going to tell you the solution either, now its going to be on OUR mind. Thinking about the next level optimization can be frustrating. It must have been frustrating wondering if humans can really leave our atmosphere, in fact almost all people throughout history have believed it to be a fallacy. Nonetheless humanity, science, and computations have improved astronomically (literally) and we have set foot on the moon. We didn't just get there, we had to build upon the foundations from people of the past. Maybe one day we can build websites on a hologram with our assistant named Jarvis helping us.
